System tags (#250)
jsdelivr/globalping: README.md

1. Clone this repository.
2. `docker-compose up -d` - Run Redis
3. `npm install && npm run init:hooks`
4. Either `npm run build && npm run dev` or `npm run dev:tsx` (no type-checking)

Once the API is live, you can spin up a probe instance by running the following in the probe repository:

1. Clone [Globalping Probe](https://github.com/jsdelivr/globalping-probe) repository.
2. `npm install && npm run init:hooks`
3. Either `npm run build && npm run dev` or `npm run dev:tsx` (no type-checking)

### Environment Variables

> - `PORT=3000` environment variable can be start the API on antoher port (default is 3000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PORT=3000` environment variable can start the API on another port (default is 3000)
```
